Add initial documentation of deploy-contract (#2)
AcalaNetwork/bodhi-examples: deploy-contract/README.md

# Bodhi.js example: Contract Interaction

> A basic example on how to sign Acala EVM+ transactions with a Polkadot vallet and the [bodhi.js](https://github.com/AcalaNetwork/bodhi.js/) dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic example on how to sign Acala EVM+ transactions with a Polkadot wallet and the [bodhi.js](https://github.com/AcalaNetwork/bodhi.js/) sdk.
```

````shell
yarn add antd
yarn add --dev sass eslint
````

`eslint` needs to be initiated:

````shell
yarn eslint --init
````

The example project uses the following options for `eslit` initialization:

````shell
Need to install the following packages:
  @eslint/create-config
Ok to proceed? (y) y
✔ How would you like to use ESLint? · problems
✔ What type of modules does your project use? · esm
✔ Which framework does your project use? · react
✔ Does your project use TypeScript? · No / Yes
✔ Where does your code run? · browser
✔ What format do you want your config file to be in? · JavaScript
The config that you've selected requires the following dependencies:

eslint-plugin-react@latest @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin@latest @typescript-eslint/parser@latest
✔ Would you like to install them now? · No / Yes
✔ Which package manager do you want to use? · yarn
````

To use the same linting configuration, replace the autogenerated `.eslintrc.cjs` with the [`eslintrc.js`](./.eslintrc.js).

Once the setup is complete, add the build target to the [`vite.config.ts`](./vite.config.ts):

> ````typescript

Reviewer: isn't this part auto generated?

Author: `vite.config.ts` is autogenerated, but the build target had to be added. It was in your example, but it wasn't in my parallel one. Once I added the build target to mine, `yarn build` finally managed to build the project

### Imports and definitions

The autogenerated `App.tsx` can be cleaned out to only include the definition of `App` and its export:

````typescript
function App() {
  
}

export default App
````

At the top of the file, we have to define the imports. Notable imports are `Provider` and `Signer` from `@acala-network/bodhi` as well as `WsProvider` from `@polkadot/api` and `web3Example` from `@polkadot/extension-dapp`. Additionally we have to import the `Echo.json` that we added to the project earlier as well as the styles contained in the `App.scss`:

````typescript
import React, {
  useCallback, useEffect, useMemo, useState,
} from 'react';
import { Provider, Signer } from '@acala-network/bodhi';
import { WsProvider } from '@polkadot/api';
import { web3Enable } from '@polkadot/extension-dapp';
import type {
  InjectedExtension,
  InjectedAccount,
} from '@polkadot/extension-inject/types';
import { ContractFactory, Contract } from 'ethers';
import { Input, Button, Select } from 'antd';
import echoContract from './Echo.json';

import './App.scss';

const { Option } = Select;

const Check = () => (<span className='check'>✓</span>);
````

> We can start populating the `App` function with type definitions. We have to define the extensions, status flags and data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can start populating the `App` states by defining state hooks for extensions, status flags and data :
```

      setDeployedAddress(contract.address);
      setEchoMsg(echo);
    } finally {
      setDeploying(false);
    }
  }, [signer]);
````

In addition to deploying the smart contract, we are also returning the address of it once it is deployed and retrieving the `string` stored within it.

### Interact with the smart contract

The `Echo` smart contract allows for changing the `string` stored within it. We can add the changing of it to our dApp:

````typescript
  /* ------------ Step 4: call contract ------------ */
  const callContract = useCallback(async (msg: string) => {
    if (!signer) return;
    setCalling(true);
    setNewEchoMsg('');
    try {
      const instance = new Contract(deployedAddress, echoContract.abi, signer);

      await instance.scream(msg);
      const newEcho = await instance.echo();

      setNewEchoMsg(newEcho);
    } finally {
      setCalling(false);
    }
  }, [signer, deployedAddress]);
````

### Add utilities

In addition to the functionalities that we added above, we also require the ability for users to select the wallet extension that they want to use with the dApp and the ability for them to select an account from that extension:

> ````typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````tsx
```

    <div>
      <span style={{ marginRight: 10 }}>select a polkadot wallet:</span>
      <Select
        value={ curExtension?.name }
        onChange={ targetName => setCurExtension(extensionList.find(e => e.name === targetName)) }
        disabled={ !!deployedAddress }
      >
        {extensionList.map(ex => (
          <Option key={ ex.name } value={ ex.name }>
            {`${ex.name}/${ex.version}`}
          </Option>
        ))}
      </Select>
    </div>
  );

  // eslint-disable-next-line
  const AccountSelect = () => (
    <div>
      <span style={{ marginRight: 10 }}>account:</span>
      <Select
        value={ selectedAddress }
        onChange={ value => setSelectedAddress(value) }
        disabled={ !!deployedAddress }
      >
        {accountList.map(account => (
          <Option key={ account.address } value={ account.address }>
            {account.name} / {account.address}
          </Option>
        ))}
      </Select>
    </div>
  );
````

### Build the interface

All of the functionality of our dApp is ready to be presented in the interface. We will wrap the interface in a `return` statement as we want our `App` function to return it:

> ````typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````tsx
```

  return (
    <div id='app'>

    </div>
  );
````

In the first section of the interface, we will utilize the chain node connection mechanic:

> ````typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````tsx
```

      { /* ------------------------------ Step 1 ------------------------------*/ }
      <section className='step'>
        <div className='step-text'>Step 1: Connect Chain Node { provider && <Check /> }</div>
        <Input
          type='text'
          disabled={ connecting || !!provider }
          value={ url }
          onChange={ e => setUrl(e.target.value) }
          addonBefore='node url'
        />
        <Button
          type='primary'
          onClick={ () => connectProvider(url) }
          disabled={ connecting || !!provider }
        >
          { connecting
            ? 'connecting ...'
            : provider
              ? `connected to ${provider.api.runtimeChain.toString()}`
              : 'connect' }
        </Button>
      </section>
````

This will allow users to use the default chain node or input their own.

In the second section we will use the mechainc to connect to the wallet extensions of the user's browser and use the utilities to select the preferred wallet extension and preferred account for the interaction with the chain. It will also provide the information about the connected account:

> ````typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````tsx
```
